
Secure Backup
Mobile phone backup and recovery, easy data management



描述
Secure Backup is an application that would be complete backup your call logs, messages and contacts into your phone storage for backup and restore when ever you want to restore into original state.

This application only uses your phone storage and provide you facility to take backup for future use and manage your backups before reset your phone.

Secure Backup have some basics functionality to provide you complete services for Call Logs, Messages and Contact Backup & Restore.

Before provide you this service we take some basics permissions from you to do our process.

Permissions:

Cal Logs permissions > Before read your call logs we will ask you permissions of READ_CALL_LOGS & WRITE_CALL LOGS. This permission basically need to permit us read your call logs from phone only for Backup and Restore functionality.

SMS permissions > Before read your messages we will ask you permissions of READ_SMS. This permission basically need to permit us read your messages (SMS & MMS) from phone only for Backup functionality.
Due to system security issues, SMS data only supports Backup and does not support Restore,we cannot write your SMS data.

Contacts permissions > Before read your contacts we will ask you permissions of READ_CONTACTS & WRITE_CONTACTS. This permission basically need to permit us read your contacts from phone for Backup and Restore functionality.

The above permissions only need to take Backup and Restore on your phone end only. We will not record this on our end at any form.

Note: We are providing our service only for your convenience. We never use your data for any purpose. Only Secure Backup application's data have accessing from internal storage.Your backup data will not be uploaded to the network

For more details you can go through our Privacy Policy form.

Secure Backup only use for your purpose and we provide you this services with our pleasure.



隐私政策
https://sites.google.com/view/secure-backup/home
Privacy Policy

”Services” or “Service” means any product, facility, function, website, software,  application or any other service provided by “CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA”.

“CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA” or “We” or “I” or “us” or “me” belongs to “CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA” Group.

“User” or “You” or “Your” or “Yours” means any person who uses or accesses the application or our services.

“Term” or “Terms” means rules, terms and conditions and privacy policy.

“CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA” built the “
Secure Backup” application for Android Platform. This application is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use our service.

If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information that the application collects, is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.

The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, which is accessible at 
Secure Backup unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to
INTERNET,
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE,
READ_CALL_LOG, WRITE_CALL_LOG,
READ_SMS,READ_CONTACTS,WRITE_CONTACTS.


Secure Backup reads and writes Call logs, Messages and Contacts to make backup and restore while the user interacts with action according to the requirement of the user. This application can not cache data or memory to the user's identity or credentials.

Application Permissions:
Storage Related Permission:
READ EXTERNAL STORAGE:

Secure Backup has a “Restore” function which helps to check external storage directory or path where backups files are stored already. This permission needs to be granted for checking or reading backup files which have been created by 
Secure Backup app.

The data read by this permission is retained in your device and not collected by us in any form.

WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE:

Secure Backup needs WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE permission to use the “Backup” function and perform some operations like delete, in the “Delete Backups” screen. All these operations are performed after user confirmation.

Data generated by the above operation will be retained in your device and not collected by us in any form.


Call logs Backup and Restore related Permissions:
READ_CALL_LOG:


Secure Backup needs READ_CALL_LOG permission to use the “Backup” and “Delete Call Logs” function and perform take backup of all call logs from your phone and write all logs into a backup file on your phone storage. This permission is also used for the delete call logs on your phone.

These actions only performed after user permission and on confirmation. This action is not performed automatically and not saved anywhere on our end at any form.
WRITE_CALL_LOG:

Secure Backup needs WRITE_CALL_LOG permission to use the “Restore” backup function where all saved logs from file to rewrite as Call Logs in the phone. This permission is only used as a restore call logs.

This action only performed after user permission and on confirmation. This action is not performed automatically and not saved anywhere on our end at any form.


Messages Backup and Restore related Permissions:
READ_SMS:

Secure Backup needs READ_SMS permission to use the “Backup” function to perform backup of all messages from the phone and saved in phone storage in the file. This permission only uses read messages.

This action only performed after user permission and on confirmation. This action is not performed automatically and not saved anywhere on our end at any form.

Contacts Backup and Restore related Permissions:
READ_CONTACTS:


Secure Backup needs READ_CONTACTSpermission to use the “Backup” function to perform backup of all contacts from the phone and saved in phone storage as a file. This permission only uses read contacts.

This action only performed after user permission and on confirmation. This action is not performed automatically and not saved anywhere on our end at any form.

WRITE_CONTACTS:


Secure Backup needs WRITE_CONTACTS permission to use the “Restore” backup function where all saved contacts from file to rewrite as original form in the phone. This permission is only used as a restore contact.

This action only performed after user permission and on confirmation. This action is not performed automatically and not saved anywhere on our end at any form.
Internet Related Permission: INTERNET


Secure Backup needs “INTERNET” permission to check the latest application update from play store. This permission only applies for the updation purpose of the latest build application.

This permission is not used for any other purpose.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. We are using these third-party services and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:

Material Components Library
Used to some UI components in the application like BottomSheetDialog, Card View Design.

Play Core Library
               Used to provide In-App Updates in the application.


Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app Sarangal collects data and information on your phone via Google Play Console’s Crash Report called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Security

We value your trust in providing your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Some External Links used in the application:

Privacy Policy Document (on Google Drive)
Terms And Conditions (on Google Drive)
Google Play Store
Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. In the case We discover that a child under 18 has provided me with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We will be able to do the necessary actions.

In-App Advertisement

Currently, the application is not displaying any kind of advertisement. We will try to serve you advertisement-free services.

Updates

The service is currently available on Android Platform – the requirements for the system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the service to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the service.

Terms and Conditions

You are instructed to read our terms and Conditions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

We are trying to provide the best service.

ThankYou.

-----------------------------


Terms & Conditions
”Services” or “Service” means any product, facility, function, website, software, application or any other service provided by “CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA”.

“CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA” or “We” or “I” or “us” or “me” belongs to “CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA” Group.

“User” or “You” or “Your” or “Yours” means any person who uses or accesses the application or our services.

“Term” or “Terms” means rules, terms and conditions and privacy policy.


THIS LEGAL “AGREEMENT” BETWEEN YOU AND US GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE “CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA” PRODUCT, SOFTWARE, SERVICES, AND WEBSITES (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE “SERVICE”). IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOLLOWING TERMS. BY USING THIS PRODUCT, YOU ARE AGREEING THAT THESE TERMS WILL APPLY IF YOU CHOOSE TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.

CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA DOES NOT REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE FREE FROM ERROR, CORRUPTION, ATTACK, VIRUSES, INTERFERENCE, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSION, AND WE DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY RELATING THERETO.

USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, COMPUTER, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THIS SERVICE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE FAILURE OR TIME DELAYS OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN, THE CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE.


By downloading or using the service, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the service. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the service or product, any part of the service or product, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the product or service or software or website, and you also should not try to translate the service or product or software into other languages, or make derivative versions. The service or product itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA.


CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA is committed to ensuring that the service is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the product or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the product or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.


With respect to CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA’s responsibility for your use of the service, when you’re using the service or product or software, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the service.


Security and User Data

The service or product or software may store and process personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide service. It’s your responsibility to keep your device and access to the service or product or software secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root or patch your device or operating system, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your device vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your device’s security features and it could mean that our service won’t work properly or at all. And we will not be responsible for any data loss or any other problem.


For information about User data usage by our service, You are instructed to read the respective privacy policies of the service we provide.


Use of Service

You should be aware that there are certain things that we will not take responsibility for. We cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality. Along the same lines, CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the service or product or software.


If the service or product or software which you are using need device or working internet connection:

You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA cannot accept responsibility. Certain functions of the software or service may require an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider and you may be charged for it by your internet service provider. If you’re using the software or product or service outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the service, or other third party charges. In using the service, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the service outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the service, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the service.


Service Updates

At some point, we may wish to update the service or product or software. CV. SYAMALL ABADI JAYA does not promise that it will always update the service or product or application so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the operating platform that you are using on your device.

However, you promise to always accept updates (if required) to the service or product or software when offered to you.


Termination

We may also wish to stop providing the service, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the service or product or software, and (if needed) remove it from your devices.


Privacy Policies

You are instructed to read the respective privacy policies of the service we provide.


Changes to This Terms and Conditions

We may update our terms and conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new terms and conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.


Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our terms and conditions, do not hesitate to contact us.

We are trying to provide the best service.

Last update: April 20,2020


Thank You.





